At first sight I could recognize you
As if we were calling for each other
The DNA in my blood vessel tells me
That it’s you I was looking all over for
Crossing our paths is like a formula of math
Commandments of religion, providence of the universe
The evidence of destiny given to me
You’re the source of my dream
Take it take it
My hand reaching out to you is a fate decided
Don’t worry love
All of this is not a coincidence
We’re totally different baby
Cuz we’re the two who found the destiny
From the day of the unverse’s creation and on
through the infinite centuries and on
In the previous life and maybe the next too
We’re forever together
All of this is not a coincidence
Cuz we’re the two who found the destiny
DNA
I want it this love I want it real love
I only focus on you
You steer me a little harder
The DNA of the genesis wants you
This is inevitable, I love us,
We are the only true lovers
Every time I see her I freak out
Surprisingly I keep gasping and it’s weird, maybe
This is the emotion they call love
Cuz from the very beginning my heart runs to you
Don’t worry love
All of this is not a coincidence
We’re totally different baby
Cuz we’re the two who found the destiny
From the day of the unverse’s creation and on
through the infinite centuries and on
In the previous life and maybe the next too
We’re forever together
All of this is not a coincidence
Cuz we’re the two who found the destiny
DNA
Don’t look back
Cuz we’re the ones who found the destiny
Don’t regret it baby
Cuz we’re forever
Forever
Together
Don’t worry love
All of this is not a coincidence
We’re totally different baby
Cuz we’re the two who found the destiny
DNA
La la la la la
Cuz it’s not a coincidence
DNA